Done: Change spawn timer to not stop timer when hitting max

Add 3 strike system and warn when wrong.
Flip to game over and show high score when 3 strikes hit. 


CUSTOMS PROCESS:
Add letter with brief explainer on how to make points and that the gate will shut if too many potatoes stack up.

SOUNDS EFFECTS:
when you open document
when potato walks up
when potato leaves
when you pick up document
when you close document
crowd murmuring ambient sound
button presses on main menu
speaker sound when click megaphone for next person to come up

MENUS:
Settings menu (Sounds/Graphics)
Pause menu (Game scene)

SYSTEMS:
Music system (Main menu scene, smooth transition, game scene)

SFX:
Open passport
Close passport
Deny entry to potato
Grant entry to potato

GRAPHICS:
Clock on the suspect table
Separate suspect_table and suspect mugshot_background
mugshot_background and suspect_table_slot should both be children of suspect_table in root tree
Add shading to tops of stamps
Slow down potato leaving the customs office
Fade out passport when giving potato documents back

BUGS:
Stamps go over edge of passport
Able to drag stamps off interaction table
Able to drag passport off interaction table
Snap closed passport to position of mouse cursor to avoid bad offset
If you spam stamps then multiple show up
Stamp sticker is above stamp shadow
Mouse has to be over passport to be able to stamp
Check potato sex check logic, only males is giving points on allowing female potato

FEATURE: 
Date system
Add dialogue to the megaphone
Entry ticket
Bulletin card system


COMPLETED:
Done: Score is added or removed based on accuracy of judgement.
Done: Passports break after 2nd potato enters
Done: Credits menu (Main menu scene)
Done: Disclaimer menu (Main menu scene)
Done: Redraw megaphone
Done: Fix bug where passport re-appears after callback for departed potato
Done: Add number of eyes as an attribute of personally identifiable information to the spuddy passports
Done: Fix fade from/to black outline for potato mugshot
Done: Fix bug with clicking speaker before first potato 
Done: Create Label (DateLabel) and add to the Potato Customs Table so the player can see the current date and judge if passports are expired.
DONE: Scale up potato information in the passport to be more visible.
Done: Re-enable Label (ScoreLabel) on Customs Table
Done: Fix potato mugshot changing to the next potato in line before the current potato has been processed
Done: Add random selection of background music on launch
Done: Update the process_decision logic to make the potato in customs office move through the customs office and all the way to the left side of the screen after their immigration decision is made and is positive.
Done: Update the process_decision logic to make the oldest potato move through the customs office get blown up with mini-nuke particle effects after their immigration decision is made and is negative.
Done: Potato walks up, puts in document. 
Done: Player clicks document. 
Done: Document displays in evidence drawer.
Done: Player drags closed document to evidence drawer. 
Done: Player reviews document. 
Done: Player clicks stamp drawer to bring stamps into evidence drawer. 
Done: Player clicks approve or reject stamp and a stamp comes down on the passport. 
Done: Passport has a transparent stamp applied, player picks up and returns to potato.
Done: Potato fades out and appears to left of customs office. 
Done: Potato walks off-screen to left or is destroyed mid-way.
Done: Update the remove_stamp function or create a new function to Tween the Sprite2D (Potato Mugshot) to move to the left of the Sprite2D (Suspect Panel) and disappear.
Done: Then use the approval_status to decide whether to add the PotatoPerson to the Path2D (ApprovePath) or the Path2D (RejectPath) based on approved or rejected status respectively and move them to the end of the path, then remove them. 
Done: Initially the Sprite2D Passport is hidden until a PotatoPerson is called into the customs office, at which point the child Sprite2D (Close Passport) is animated going across the suspect panel and settling at the bottom for the player to pick up. 
Done: Split out the customs office and megaphone and create sprites for them so the potatoes will appear to go inside the office
Done: When the player clicks on the Sprite2D (Megaphone) on top of the customs office in mainGame.tscn, the next PotatoPerson is removed from the front of the Path2D (SpuddyQueue) and the QueueManager, and the PotatoPerson is moved along the Path2D (EnterOfficePath), then the PotatoPerson is removed and the Sprite2D (PotatoMugshot) slides onto the Sprite2D (Suspect Panel) from the right and goes from a dark black outline to the regular texture.
Done: Then the Sprite2D (Close Passport) is animated going down from the Sprite2D (PotatoMugshot) and settling at the bottom of the InteractionTableBackground for the player to pick up. 
Done: when dragging, set shadow for stamp to visible and invisible otherwise
Done: When clicked, the book object morphs into an opened document showing the information for the potato immigrating.
Done: An approval stamp and rejection stamp that you pick up with left click, drag over the document to set approve or reject status. 
Done: Click the document and drag the document onto the potato to return the document.
Done: main menu
Done: Split out the customs office and megaphone and create sprites for them so the potatoes will appear to go inside the office
Done: stamp interaction instead of buttons
Done: Replace the buttons for Welcome to Taterland and No Entry with stamps that the player can pick up and use to stamp the potato person's documents, punch down stamp with right click while dragging.
Done: Create NodePath2d for rejected spuddies
Done: Create NodePath2d for approved spuddies
Done: Create NodePath2d for border running spuddies
Done: Create NodePath2d for spuddies entering office
Done: Change the texture of the Sprite2D on the PotatoPerson to the appropriate type based on their potato_info.type
Done: Merge the new_potato and spawn_new_potato functions and have them managed by the queueManager
Done: Give more time to make decisions (30 seconds suggested by @KotBud)
Done: Make a closed passport icon (128x128px)
Done: Customize the passport document to be fully original
Done: Create approved and rejected stamps images that fit the size of the passport document
Done: Update the queue_manager to store potato information about each potato in the queue including condition, type, and name.
Done: Update the potato information to include sex, country of issue, date of birth, expiration date.
Done: Update rules to include potato information.
Done: Split stamp into two separate objects
Done: Fill in additional detail on stamp objects
Done: Change the texture for Sprite2D (PotatoMugshot) to match the type of potato using these headshot paths: 
