Done: Hit 25 points without getting 3 strikes. 
Done: Add global score and shifts to extend play session

Done: Transition to win game screen, outline limit "Only allow 25 permitted potatoes to enter. You will be returned to your family if successful. Otherwise you will be roasted."

Done: Measure and trigger the win condition on score, similar to quit. 

Done: Change score display to be out of 25. Change scene to success_scene once completed. In success_scene, move back to mainGame and pass the score back.

Done: Tuberstan and Pratie Point rules, one is not evaluating properly

Done: Troubleshoot Colcannon rule

Done: years_until_expiry, returning impossibly high numbers
Done: days_until_expiry, returning IMPOSSIBLY high numbers

Done: Potato moving in after decision processing, before megaphone pressed

Done: Reset score if you fail

- Baggage inspection
- Don't allow the player to move the passport while the animation is playing for it to pass into the customs table
- Save game and load game
- Save in a global if the player has finished the tutorial so every shift doesn't start the same interaction
- Differnet documents, entry passes, work permits, baggage, visas, marriage licenses, bribes, 
- Add officers patrolling the area
- Fix stamp visual bugs
- Make intuitive stamp mechanic
- Settings menu with graphics, audio, accessibility, rebinds
- Update pause menu


Rephrase all laws to be more clearly negative

Fix stamp animation artifact

Remove Mr. Potato from first names

Check why date rules keep failing (make sure expiration date is referencing correct variable, and that it's evaluating properly)

How do we tell the new player what to do to get through first potato processing?

Use flashing circles and text to walk the player through processing their first document. Click by click. 

 Done: 1. Alert, larger and centeredHighlight on the speaker
 Done: 2. Update first page of Pamphlet with instructions
 3. Overlay of potato customs officer talking? Too much scope for this point

What do we tell the player when they win?
Transition to game win scene, "Your shift is over, you will be re-planted, you have served the potato motherland."

What do we tell the player when they lose? 
Transition to game lose scene, "You have unjustly denied permitted potatoes entry, you will be roasted. You have disgraced the potato motherland."

Add score to both the success_scene.tscn and the game_over.tscn, then end of shifts functions as a soft-end and a way to heal for high-scoring.


IMPORTANT:
<<<<<<< HEAD
Move tutorial to the front of the document
Make the flashing icon on the megaphone larger
Explain how to flip the pages on the document in the tutorial
=======
>>>>>>> 24152083d4211b5f414f526aa38b095ce643d8a9

Add flash arrow pointing from the left to the right indicator for megaphone
Add flash indicator pointing at corner of first page 
Picking up stamp hides cursor
Move 4th page of instructions to page 1
Fix stamp animation

Make stamp interaction be, left click to pick up, left click to stamp, right click to drop. 

How to give visual feedback of controls to the player? 

MENUS:
Settings menu (Sounds/Graphics)

SFX:
Deny entry to potato
Grant entry to potato

FEATURE: 
Entry ticket

BUGS:
Stamps go over edge of passport
Able to drag stamps off interaction table
Able to drag passport off interaction table
Snap closed passport to position of mouse cursor to avoid bad offset
If you spam stamps then multiple show up
Stamp sticker is above stamp shadow
Mouse has to be over passport to be able to stamp



COMPLETED:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
Explain how to flip the pages on the document in the tutorial
Move tutorial to the front of the document
Make the flashing icon on the megaphone larger
>>>>>>> 24152083d4211b5f414f526aa38b095ce643d8a9
Add dialogue to the megaphone
Make toggle audio button on main menu work
Add letter with brief explainer on your job as a Spudarado Border Officer
FullscSwitch megaphone alert to be off when the box has someone in it
Make music start on main menu instead of gamereen button
Audio settings
Bulletin card system
Slow down potato leaving the customs office
Clock on the suspect table
Close passport
Open passport
Music system (Main menu scene, smooth transition, game scene)
Fade out passport when giving potato documents back
Check potato sex check logic, only males is giving points on allowing female potato
Date system
when you open document
when you close document
speaker sound when click megaphone for next person to come up
Done: generate_rules() has 7 entries in current_rules, this should be expanded. 
Done: current_rules should have a maximum of 1-2 rules. 
Done: is_potato_valid() must support multiple active rules in current_rules at once. 
Done: Review rules and make sure applying properly
Done: Potato expiration dates are always in the past, need a separate FUTURE facing function
Done: Flip to game over and show high score when 3 strikes hit. 
Done: Change spawn timer to not stop timer when hitting max
Done: Add 3 strike system and warn when wrong.
Done: Add working game over constraints
Done: Score is added or removed based on accuracy of judgement.
Done: Passports break after 2nd potato enters
Done: Credits menu (Main menu scene)
Done: Disclaimer menu (Main menu scene)
Done: Redraw megaphone
Done: Fix bug where passport re-appears after callback for departed potato
Done: Add number of eyes as an attribute of personally identifiable information to the spuddy passports
Done: Fix fade from/to black outline for potato mugshot
Done: Fix bug with clicking speaker before first potato 
Done: Create Label (DateLabel) and add to the Potato Customs Table so the player can see the current date and judge if passports are expired.
DONE: Scale up potato information in the passport to be more visible.
Done: Re-enable Label (ScoreLabel) on Customs Table
Done: Fix potato mugshot changing to the next potato in line before the current potato has been processed
Done: Add random selection of background music on launch
Done: Update the process_decision logic to make the potato in customs office move through the customs office and all the way to the left side of the screen after their immigration decision is made and is positive.
Done: Update the process_decision logic to make the oldest potato move through the customs office get blown up with mini-nuke particle effects after their immigration decision is made and is negative.
Done: Potato walks up, puts in document. 
Done: Player clicks document. 
Done: Document displays in evidence drawer.
Done: Player drags closed document to evidence drawer. 
Done: Player reviews document. 
Done: Player clicks stamp drawer to bring stamps into evidence drawer. 
Done: Player clicks approve or reject stamp and a stamp comes down on the passport. 
Done: Passport has a transparent stamp applied, player picks up and returns to potato.
Done: Potato fades out and appears to left of customs office. 
Done: Potato walks off-screen to left or is destroyed mid-way.
Done: Update the remove_stamp function or create a new function to Tween the Sprite2D (Potato Mugshot) to move to the left of the Sprite2D (Suspect Panel) and disappear.
Done: Then use the approval_status to decide whether to add the PotatoPerson to the Path2D (ApprovePath) or the Path2D (RejectPath) based on approved or rejected status respectively and move them to the end of the path, then remove them. 
Done: Initially the Sprite2D Passport is hidden until a PotatoPerson is called into the customs office, at which point the child Sprite2D (Close Passport) is animated going across the suspect panel and settling at the bottom for the player to pick up. 
Done: Split out the customs office and megaphone and create sprites for them so the potatoes will appear to go inside the office
Done: When the player clicks on the Sprite2D (Megaphone) on top of the customs office in mainGame.tscn, the next PotatoPerson is removed from the front of the Path2D (SpuddyQueue) and the QueueManager, and the PotatoPerson is moved along the Path2D (EnterOfficePath), then the PotatoPerson is removed and the Sprite2D (PotatoMugshot) slides onto the Sprite2D (Suspect Panel) from the right and goes from a dark black outline to the regular texture.
Done: Then the Sprite2D (Close Passport) is animated going down from the Sprite2D (PotatoMugshot) and settling at the bottom of the InteractionTableBackground for the player to pick up. 
Done: when dragging, set shadow for stamp to visible and invisible otherwise
Done: When clicked, the book object morphs into an opened document showing the information for the potato immigrating.
Done: An approval stamp and rejection stamp that you pick up with left click, drag over the document to set approve or reject status. 
Done: Click the document and drag the document onto the potato to return the document.
Done: main menu
Done: Split out the customs office and megaphone and create sprites for them so the potatoes will appear to go inside the office
Done: stamp interaction instead of buttons
Done: Replace the buttons for Welcome to Taterland and No Entry with stamps that the player can pick up and use to stamp the potato person's documents, punch down stamp with right click while dragging.
Done: Create NodePath2d for rejected spuddies
Done: Create NodePath2d for approved spuddies
Done: Create NodePath2d for border running spuddies
Done: Create NodePath2d for spuddies entering office
Done: Change the texture of the Sprite2D on the PotatoPerson to the appropriate type based on their potato_info.type
Done: Merge the new_potato and spawn_new_potato functions and have them managed by the queueManager
Done: Give more time to make decisions (30 seconds suggested by @KotBud)
Done: Make a closed passport icon (128x128px)
Done: Customize the passport document to be fully original
Done: Create approved and rejected stamps images that fit the size of the passport document
Done: Update the queue_manager to store potato information about each potato in the queue including condition, type, and name.
Done: Update the potato information to include sex, country of issue, date of birth, expiration date.
Done: Update rules to include potato information.
Done: Split stamp into two separate objects
Done: Fill in additional detail on stamp objects
Done: Change the texture for Sprite2D (PotatoMugshot) to match the type of potato using these headshot paths: 
Done: Add restart button to game over screen
